Oh
good morning everyone and welcome to a
new book it is the last week of term is
actually the second to last day of term
I'm now filming on an iPhone X s which
is quite exciting I bought a new phone
last week this is my old iPhone 7 which
you know has come a long way with me
literally all my videos up until now
have been filmed on this phone so thank
you very much for your services phone
I'm gonna miss you a lot today is
Christmas Day in my household and let me
explain that a little bit it's actually
the 3rd of December but today we are
doing a Christmas meal in the house
everyone's cooking part of the meal and
then we're all gonna eat it together
this evening and we're also doing Secret
Santa presents today the kitchen is
looking very festive
I've made some snowflakes which I need
to pin up in the kitchen actually I'm
gonna do that later because first I've
got work to do turn is not over yet I've
got one lecture and two supervisions
today and then I've got three lectures
tomorrow and then I'm done for turn I am
just gonna take a few days off once term
ends because it is intense it is hectic
I need that recovery time I do have a
lot to do over the Christmas holiday I
have my coursework to do which is
computing projects and I also need to
revise a lot of stuff I've done this
term I'm very aware that it's my third
year so I can't be falling behind
falling behind is really not an option
my last question sheet though is not too
bad I was really worried because I
didn't have much time to do it in I was
just about keeping up this past week but
every time I handed one bit of working
slightly lately had a knock-on effect
with the next bit of work so it's all
been a bit of a catch-up effort but
we're almost there I'm quite proud of
myself I spoke to my parents on his
phone last night our don't think they
have belief in me they were like Paige
you're gonna have to pull an all-nighter
but look at me go almost finish these
questions and I've got a couple of hours
to spare it's all on the Swart shield
solution black holes and Einstein's
field equations I'm gonna get back to it
and then head off to lectures so guys
somehow I've only left myself
five minutes to cycle to West Cambridge
for my Dexter I hopefully what only just
going to mix like the rehab last sector
that's fine
turning up if the last lecture of the
series yeah I need to run I have just
had lunch I sustained an injury whilst I
can linked here my lecture earlier my
ankle now hurts a lot all that happened
was my first slipped off the bike pedal
and the bipedal whacked it in the back
lifted up some skin bit of bleeding
their head I like to show you what can
you do now heading to the library after
a bit of a lunch break bit longer than
planned actually very but half an hour
until my supervision so I need to look
at my questions quickly look at all the
Christmas decorations in the asteroid
Department when I left my supervision
the sky looked so pretty
hello blog and welcome to the Christmas
dinner
I am midway through my first quality
check this is a roast potatoes have been
made by will
it's very warm Sun just us parents the
turkey
and so you jerk or a didgeridoo as his
secret santa present
[Music]
morning everyone so today is Thursday
and I'm done with lectures
almost so basically yesterday that ended
my lecture by lecture announced we had
an extra lecture on Friday which I'm not
too happy about but they have it I think
I might have to miss it cuz I'm busy
with rowing races and I've offered to
already help anyway but yeah I've got a
director of studies meeting today which
I'm just heading to apart from that
quite a few day might get ice skating
and I've got a reception at the Masters
launch this evening
I didn't look yesterday because I filmed
a day-in-the-life so that'll be
elsewhere on my channel but you can see
what I got up to yesterday in that day
in the life video you'll see it in much
detail but yeah my meeting
Hey look we insist been ice skating I
was really good fun I can I stay okay
actually I could stay on my feet I've
been quite a lot in my childhood
there's always their temporary ice rink
and my talent over Christmas I am for
later today so that's a bonus I would
like to put a bit more professional but
maybe we'll have to come a bit more in
the next week or so everyone we've come
to the gourmet burger kitchen which I
don't think I've ever been super cool
I might happen to forgotten it I don't
think I have here's my burger x6n burger
fried with skinny fries I've had a
really nice evening this evening ice
skating was really fun then went out to
dinner was a lovely dinner came back
went to the Masters reception early was
there briefly because to be quite honest
I'm so tired but it was very nice to
have drinks at the Masters Lodge I want
to get to bed early this evening because
the whole day tomorrow
I am marshalling the fair bones rowing
races which are run by the Jesus College
Boat Club okay
it is now a little while later my mum
just rung me and I spoke to her on the
phone and then I got to stretch it
because I've been organizing myself
basically tomorrow I'm marshalling
rowing races the whole day I need to
just remind myself actually what I'm
supposed to be doing also I'm racing
uncock Singh an alumni crew which should
be really fun really chill but then I've
got a rush off after that because I've
got a bull tomorrow evening I'm going to
sell when snowball fell win is one of
the other quarters at Cambridge I'm at
cheezer's Cambridge has a collegiate
system everyone is a member of college
one of my friends has good friends at
Selwyn and so basically my whole group
of friends have managed to get tickets
for the snowball this year it's very
exciting
I've got my dress I've got my shoes busy
day tomorrow gonna get to bed now but
could otherwise I'm gonna be so tired
I think gonna be tired anyway I have to
get a good night's sleep this evening
hello everyone I'm up meisner Lee I've
had a Belle visa for breakfast having
some water I've got about an hour and
till I'm jus at the boathouse for
marshaling I need to go have a shower in
that time and make sure what my bag is
packed for the day because I'm not gonna
have time to come back here I need food
I need lots of layers I need my hand
warmers in here was the finish point of
the race where I was supposed to be
directing crews to spin and
down the bank in an organized way and
this was the view from the balcony of
the Jesus College boathouse later in the
day hello everyone so it started raining
almost cycle back was it very nice and
we'll say so my D from marshaling this
morning like look at that mud everywhere
think I'm kind of scarred from that
experience I'm so worn out as well you
forget how far it is to cycle along the
river and back but especially if you're
going to the finish point of the race
it's a long cycle ride especially when
the wind is against you I've now got
three hours though to get ready for
snowball oh goody they have a really
nice warm shower I can't wait honestly
like after being outside for pretty much
the whole day in the cold and the wet
and the mud I am so ready for a warm
shower
basically the holiest a for husband
doing Bernie just acknowledge your
kitchens inside rather than outside
everyone's kind of around
some people are talking about something
eventually
we made it to the front of the queue
hooray and we got some food
[Music]
race
and after the best performance from s
club three ever we went to the silent
disco hello everyone so I apologize that
this look is so bitty and broken up but
okay it's a few days that say that I
spoke to you I've been helping out with
interviews yesterday and today which has
been really fun I've got to invidual ate
an exam today and I was like I feel
really important right now I got to
write the start and end time up on the
board I did the you have five minutes
remaining
cut up the test papers it was it was
very exciting and I've also done so much
walking today because I've been running
people to and from their interview
locations so I've been like circling the
whole of college so my steps are really
high this is great fitness and now I've
decided I want a hot chocolate because
I've got one of these story hot
chocolate things like that on a stick
and you put it in the warm milk and it
melts and makes a really nice hot
chocolate and each is mom really kindly
made up these little packs for a saloon
yeah I for me need to have mine for
awhile but I've been saving it for a
time when I really want a hot chocolate
and I suddenly thought to myself do you
know what I really want right now a hot
chocolate peeps we have had success with
the hot chocolate now I'm gonna go sit
in my room drink my hot chocolate and
get some work done
hello guys it's the evening now and I
know you were all wondering was that hot
chocolate as good as it sounded yes it
was it was very good the marshmallows
were very nice touch as well I'm
actually gonna end this vlog here
because I don't realistically think I'm
gonna look much more for the rest of the
week all I'm doing is helping out with
interviews I've really been enjoying
helped me out with interviews over the
past couple of days
it's also so nice the interview season
has all the students helping out because
we've all been in that position before
as all the applicants every single one
of us helping out who's taking them to
it from their interviews have been in
their position in recent years unlike we
know exactly how it feels but we also
all know that at the end of the day
there's nothing to worry about it's not
worth stressing about and you gonna just
go in relax and enjoy it I'm going to be
going home at the end of the week yeah
I'm just pleased to be finished with the
term I'm looking forward to going home
for Chris
I need a bit of a break and then I'll be
coming back raring to go in January so
yeah thank you very much for joining me
please do give the video a like if you
enjoyed it subscribe down below follow
me on my Instagram and I'll see you soon
with another video bye
[Music]
you